Docs (Superflag global changes): Updates to flag and option references replaced by superflags and their options, plus spellcheck and some minor edits (#122)
dgraph-io/dgraph-docs: content/deploy/single-host-setup.md

## Run directly on the host

> ### Run Dgraph zero

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Run Dgraph Zero
```

For all other various flags, run `dgraph zero --help`.

> ### Run Dgraph alpha

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Run Dgraph Alpha
```

dgraph alpha --my=IPADDR:7081 --zero=localhost:5080 -o=1
```

> Notice the use of `-o` for the second Alpha to add offset to the default ports used. Zero automatically assigns an unique ID to each Alpha, which is persisted in the write ahead log (wal) directory, users can specify the index using the `--raft` superflag's `idx` option. Dgraph Alphas use two directories to persist data and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice the use of `-o` for the second Alpha to add offset to the default ports used. Zero automatically assigns a unique ID to each Alpha, which persists in the [Write Ahead Logs]({{< relref "design-concepts/concepts/#write-ahead-logs" >}}) (wal), users can specify the index using the `--raft` superflag's `idx` option. Dgraph Alphas use two directories to persist data and
```

Author: Fixed!

docker network create dgraph_default
```

> ### Run Dgraph zero

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Run Dgraph Zero
```

```sh
mkdir ~/zero # Or any other directory where data should be stored.

docker run -it -p 5080:5080 --network dgraph_default -p 6080:6080 -v ~/zero:/dgraph dgraph/dgraph:{{< version >}} dgraph zero --my=HOSTIPADDR:5080
```

> ### Run Dgraph alpha

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Run Dgraph Alpha
```

```
Notice the use of -o for server2 to override the default ports for server2.

> ### Run Dgraph UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Run Dgraph's Ratel UI
```
